Fix Microservicve SDK version documentation (#3426)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/java-hello-world-tutorial.md

#### Add the microservice library {#add-the-microservice-library}

> You must specify the version of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}}'s microservice library to be used. This is based on the platform version that can be found at the top-right corner of the user interface by clicking the tenant user and finding the backend version in the pop-up menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must specify the version of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}}'s microservice library to be used. This version is based on the platform version ("cumulocity"). To find the platform version, click the user icon at the top right and in the right drawer, under  **Platform info**, download the platform details.  
```

Reviewer: I assume that this is now the "cumulocity" version? We do no longer display any backend version.

> You must specify the version of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}}'s microservice library to be used. This version is based on the platform version ("cumulocity"). To find the platform version, click the user icon at the top right and in the right drawer, under  **Platform info**, download the platform details.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must specify the version of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}}'s microservice library to be used. This version is based on the platform version ("cumulocity"). To find the platform version, click the user icon at the top right and in the right drawer, under **Platform info**, download the platform details.  
```

```json
{
    "category": "system",
    "value": "2025.0.17",
    "key": "version"
}
```

See also [Tenants](https://{{< domain-c8y >}}/api/core/{{< c8y-current-version >}}/#tag/Tenants) in the {{< openapi >}}.

> For yearly release trains you should use the release with matching major and minor versions and latest maintenance version from the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} maven repository](https://download.cumulocity.com/maven/repository/com/nsn/cumulocity/clients-java/microservice-dependencies/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For yearly releases, you should use the release with matching major and minor versions and the latest maintenance version from the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} maven repository](https://download.cumulocity.com/maven/repository/com/nsn/cumulocity/clients-java/microservice-dependencies/).
```

> For CD release train you should use the latest version from the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} maven repository](https://download.cumulocity.com/maven/repository/com/nsn/cumulocity/clients-java/microservice-dependencies/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the continous deployment version you should use the latest version from the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} maven repository](https://download.cumulocity.com/maven/repository/com/nsn/cumulocity/clients-java/microservice-dependencies/).
```

In the `<properties>` element specified above, add a child element `<c8y.version>` with the backend version of your tenant. Also add a `<microservice.name>` child element to name your microservice application.

```xml

>     <c8y.version>2025.0.5</c8y.version>

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be rather the version from above "2025.0.17" to have consistent examples?

Author: No, please read carefully how SDK version is different from the Core version. I intentionally put a different value here to not give the impression that it's the same number, because it's not.
